disambiguate these two docs. (#21842)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas.mdx

See the [database secrets engine](/vault/docs/secrets/databases) docs for
more information about setting up the database secrets engine.

> Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas secrets engine described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/mongodbatlas).

Reviewer: <Note>
  The information below relates to the MongoDB Altas <b>database plugin</b> for the Vault database secrets engine.
  Refer to the <a href="vault/docs/secrets/mongodbatlas">MongoDB Atlas secrets engine</a>
  for information about using the MongoDB Atlas secrets engine for the Vault.
</Note>

> Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas secrets engine described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/mongodbatlas).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
  The information below relates to the MongoDB Altas <b>database plugin</b> for the Vault database secrets engine.
  Refer to the <a href="vault/docs/secrets/mongodbatlas">MongoDB Atlas secrets engine</a>
  for information about using the MongoDB Atlas secrets engine for the Vault.
</Note>
```
